com/example/eilmarkandroid/ui/profile/ProfileFragment.java
 com.example.eilmarkandroid.ui.profile.ProfileFragment
 com.example.eilmarkandroid.ui.profile.ProfileFragment$1
com/example/eilmarkandroid/ui/profile/login/LoginResult.java
 com.example.eilmarkandroid.ui.profile.login.LoginResult
com/example/eilmarkandroid/ui/profile/login/LoginViewModel.java
 com.example.eilmarkandroid.ui.profile.login.LoginViewModel
com/example/eilmarkandroid/ui/profile/login/data/Result.java
 com.example.eilmarkandroid.ui.profile.login.data.Result
 com.example.eilmarkandroid.ui.profile.login.data.Result$1
 com.example.eilmarkandroid.ui.profile.login.data.Result$Error
 com.example.eilmarkandroid.ui.profile.login.data.Result$Success
com/example/eilmarkandroid/ui/explore/ExploreFragment.java
 com.example.eilmarkandroid.ui.explore.ExploreFragment
com/example/eilmarkandroid/model/Product.java
 com.example.eilmarkandroid.model.Product
com/example/eilmarkandroid/ui/cart/model/CartItem.java
 com.example.eilmarkandroid.ui.cart.model.CartItem
com/example/eilmarkandroid/adapter/ProductsAdapter.java
 com.example.eilmarkandroid.adapter.ProductsAdapter
 com.example.eilmarkandroid.adapter.ProductsAdapter$RecyclerViewClickListener
 com.example.eilmarkandroid.adapter.ProductsAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/eilmarkandroid/ui/home/model/Slide.java
 com.example.eilmarkandroid.ui.home.model.Slide
com/example/eilmarkandroid/ui/home/adapter/SlidesAdapter.java
 com.example.eilmarkandroid.ui.home.adapter.SlidesAdapter
com/example/eilmarkandroid/ui/profile/login/LoggedInUserView.java
 com.example.eilmarkandroid.ui.profile.login.LoggedInUserView
com/example/eilmarkandroid/ui/profile/login/data/LoginRepository.java
 com.example.eilmarkandroid.ui.profile.login.data.LoginRepository
com/example/eilmarkandroid/DBHelper.java
 com.example.eilmarkandroid.DBHelper
com/example/eilmarkandroid/ui/profile/login/LoginActivity.java
 com.example.eilmarkandroid.ui.profile.login.LoginActivity
 com.example.eilmarkandroid.ui.profile.login.LoginActivity$1
 com.example.eilmarkandroid.ui.profile.login.LoginActivity$2
 com.example.eilmarkandroid.ui.profile.login.LoginActivity$3
 com.example.eilmarkandroid.ui.profile.login.LoginActivity$4
 com.example.eilmarkandroid.ui.profile.login.LoginActivity$5
com/example/eilmarkandroid/ui/profile/login/LoginViewModelFactory.java
 com.example.eilmarkandroid.ui.profile.login.LoginViewModelFactory
com/example/eilmarkandroid/ProductActivity.java
 com.example.eilmarkandroid.ProductActivity
com/example/eilmarkandroid/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.eilmarkandroid.BuildConfig
com/example/eilmarkandroid/ui/wish/WishFragment.java
 com.example.eilmarkandroid.ui.wish.WishFragment
com/example/eilmarkandroid/model/LoggedInUser.java
 com.example.eilmarkandroid.model.LoggedInUser
com/example/eilmarkandroid/ui/profile/login/LoginFormState.java
 com.example.eilmarkandroid.ui.profile.login.LoginFormState
com/example/eilmarkandroid/ui/profile/login/data/LoginDataSource.java
 com.example.eilmarkandroid.ui.profile.login.data.LoginDataSource
com/example/eilmarkandroid/ui/home/HomeFragment.java
 com.example.eilmarkandroid.ui.home.HomeFragment
com/example/eilmarkandroid/ui/cart/CartBottomModal.java
 com.example.eilmarkandroid.ui.cart.CartBottomModal
 com.example.eilmarkandroid.ui.cart.CartBottomModal$1
 com.example.eilmarkandroid.ui.cart.CartBottomModal$2
 com.example.eilmarkandroid.ui.cart.CartBottomModal$3
 com.example.eilmarkandroid.ui.cart.CartBottomModal$4
com/example/eilmarkandroid/ui/cart/CartFragment.java
 com.example.eilmarkandroid.ui.cart.CartFragment
com/example/eilmarkandroid/ui/cart/adapter/CartItemsAdapter.java
 com.example.eilmarkandroid.ui.cart.adapter.CartItemsAdapter
 com.example.eilmarkandroid.ui.cart.adapter.CartItemsAdapter$RecyclerViewClickListener
 com.example.eilmarkandroid.ui.cart.adapter.CartItemsAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/eilmarkandroid/MainActivity.java
 com.example.eilmarkandroid.MainActivity
 com.example.eilmarkandroid.MainActivity$1
